There's only a few features comparing to the orignial one:
you can "Go" to different room.
you can "unlock" door, but also try unlock something else.
you can "look" around.
you can "Wait" for certain minutes.
you can press "esc" to exit game.

Jill will do different things based on the time of the day.
She will not interact with player yet.

Just those stuff are already so much for me to develop in a short time, but I enjoy the whole process so much that for sure I'm gonna
keep copying until it feels good to add my own thought in it.

Why so hard?
1.Those verb is not much, but I need to define the behavior for different applying to item.
For example: Unlock door, means you can unlock a door in the room, but what if players type in unlock novel. and what if the players
are not in a room that has a door, and what if the door is already unlocked, and what if there're multiple doors that need to unlock.

2.Grammar check, those are basically like, what if player type a lot of verb: lock lock lock
look look look

3.Words Ignore: what if player type in: 
Go                                     north.
or Go to to to to to to to to to to to north.
or north
or Go to the north.
or Go to at north.
or Go to to the to north.
Which should be legal and which shouldn't, what's the response for illegal answer?

4.Time system in this game is brilliant and also complex.
Jill has a routine in a day. She'll mvoe to different rooms and do different things. She'll sometimes activaly talk to players and 
that happen randomly or not separately from time system.
The game has a transition from her one action to another. Such as, she lays down book, and walk into the kitchen.
For example, when Jill finish painting, she would go to kitchen. But what if players are not in the same room with Jill? What if
this room didn't have Jill last minutes? Even Jill goes back doing the same thing sometimes, but because the last thing is different,
the transition should also be different. The random event, how to trigger them?

